README.asciidoc, before:

== unifiedpush
:idprefix: id_ 

This addon provides *standalone* functionality.
The UnifiedPush Addon provides functionality to connect your application with an UnifiedPush Server instance.
        
=== Dependencies: 
=== Depends on
[options="header"]
|===
|Addon |Exported |Optional
|templates
|no
|no
|resource
|no
|no
|===

== Setup
This Addon requires the following installation steps.
=== Add configuration to pom.xml 
To use this addon, you must add it as a dependency in the *pom.xml* of your `forge-addon` classified artifact:
(Make sure the dependency is put all the way to the left, and uses 3 spaces for indentation of GAV)
[source,xml]
----
<dependency>
   <groupId>org.jboss.aerogear</groupId>
   <artifactId>unifiedpush</artifactId>
   <classifier>forge-addon</classifier>
   <version>${version}</version>
</dependency>
----
== Features
ABCFactory for simple ABC blah:: 
Allows for blah blah
+
[source,java]
----
@Inject private ABCFactory factory;
ABC abc = factory.createABC();
----
+
[TIP] 
====
If your addon uses a container that does not support "@Inject" annotations, services such as the `ABCFactory` may also be 
accessed via the `AddonRegistry`:
----
Imported<ABCFactory> imported = addonRegistry.getServices(ABCFactory.class);
ABCFactory factory = imported.get();
----
==== 
Creating a new XYZ instance:: 
Causes XYZ to occur
+
[source,java]
----
XYZ xyz = factory.createXYZ();
----

Commit message:

generate service and basic doc

README.asciidoc, after:

== unifiedpush
:idprefix: id_ 

This addon provides *standalone* functionality.
The UnifiedPush Addon provides functionality to connect your application with an UnifiedPush Server instance.
        
=== Dependencies: 
=== Depends on
[options="header"]
|===
|Addon |Exported |Optional
|templates
|no
|no
|resource
|no
|no
|===

== Setup
This Addon requires the following installation steps.
=== Add configuration to pom.xml 
To use this addon, you must add it as a dependency in the *pom.xml* of your `forge-addon` classified artifact:
(Make sure the dependency is put all the way to the left, and uses 3 spaces for indentation of GAV)
[source,xml]
----
<dependency>
   <groupId>org.jboss.aerogear</groupId>
   <artifactId>unifiedpush</artifactId>
   <classifier>forge-addon</classifier>
   <version>${version}</version>
</dependency>
----
== Features
This addon helps to integrate the UnifiedPush Java Sender into your application.
Start by calling the setup command : 
----
unifiedpush-setup --serverURL http://myserver.com --pushApplicationId 123456789 --masterSecret mypassword
----

You can also omit the the parameters, you will then be prompted for each property.

After that, you can generate a service that will wrap the Java Sender 

----
unifiedpush-generate-service 
----

From there you can use this service wherever you want:

[source,java]
----
@Inject
private SenderService senderService;

@POST
@Consumes("application/json")
public Response create(Message entity) {
  em.persist(entity);
  UnifiedMessage message = UnifiedMessage.withMessage().alert(entity.getContent()).build();
  senderService.send(message);
  return Response.Ok().build();
}
----
